In the eyes of this child, he has no father since he was a child
I'm busy with company affairs all day
Lack of care for him
I knew this earlier
I should spend more time with him
Mom, you blame me
That foreign car was coming for me
If I hadn't become the daughter-in-law of the world
The eyes will not die
Maybe someone else is right
I was born a broom star
It's not your fault.
You don't have to blame yourself.
Maybe.
This is the life of our mother
Mom
We can only accept our fate
Fate is destined by God
We can only accept
Can't be changed
I'm going out
After I Died
What if it can be reincarnated again?
In that case
There is salvation in the eyes
The old man advises you not to do stupid things
Old fairy
Nina's seventy-seven forty-nine big dreams are over
Your destiny is sealed
If you die this time
I'll never wake up again